---
title: "Blog >> Better than cake"
layout: post
---

*A guest post by [lilia](https://twitter.com/liliakai). Winter Break of Code, Day Two*

By all rights, I should not be here. My application was last-minute to say the
least, and little more than a casual note that I'd be down to reprise my role
from SBoC as web hacker for whispersystems.org. Maybe it was because of my work
in the previous months on tweaking the site layout to be responsive, or because
[@bcrypt](https://www.twitter.com/bcrypt) (who is infinitely more qualified)
was too dedicated to her work at the EFF to take the time off, or because my
birthday happened to fall on this week, but for one reason or another, the
universe smiled, and here I am.

<img src="/blog/images/lilia-wboc-pier.jpg" class="nice" alt="The pier at Hanalei Bay, Island of Kauai" />

XXXXX

Yesterday I celebrated the 28th anniversary of my birth in the style to which
we have quickly become accustomed in this corner of paradise. It started with
the daily standup meeting where each of us summarized the previous day's
accoplishments and our plans for the current day. Then came a bit of product
team discussion on [@mkhandekar](https://twitter.com/mkhandekar)'s specs for a
website refresh. Around noon I had a couple pull requests merged into the main
whispersystems.org repo and happily collected my 0.05BTC from the
WhisperSystems [Bithub](https://www.github.com/whispersystems/bithub) instance
in return.

<img src="/blog/images/lilia-wboc-diabolo.png" class="nice" alt="A laptop, headset, and diabolo." />

After lunch I started roughing out the new website url and page structure, as
well as doing some refactoring of existing content into partials and converting
css into sass. All this was interspersed with a few breaks to practice the
diabolo tricks I've picked up from [@clpwn](https://twitter.com/clpwn), a brief
afternoon surf sesh, and a sunset hike up the Okolehao trail. After a couple of
group-selfies
([selvies?](/blog/images/lilia-wboc-selvie.jpg))
overlooking Hanalei bay, we headed back to our beautiful beach house for a epic
feast of homemade sushi!

<img src="/blog/images/lilia-wboc-sushi.png" class="nice" alt="Homemade sushi dinner" />

There wasn't any cake, but it didn't matter, because I really couldn't have
asked for a nicer day.

<img src="/blog/images/lilia-wboc-hanalei.png" class="nice" alt="View from the hilltop overlooking Hanalei" />

[lilia](https://twitter.com/liliakai)

Kauai, Hawaii

8 January 2014

