---
title: "Blog >> Moments to keep"
layout: post
---

*A guest post by [meskio](http://meskio.net/). Winter Break of Code, Day Six*

A lot of great memories will stay with me after this intense week. The house 
surrounded by palm trees, people with computers in every corner: laying down a 
sofa, chatting on the balcony, sitting down on the carpet. The surf and hiking 
breaks on this astonishing Kauai's landscape, sharp mountains covered by forests 
falling into beaches of fine sand and fun waves. The nights spiced with moxie's 
tasty cocktails and long deep conversations about the meaning of life, the 
internet and everything.

<img src="/blog/images/wboc-meskio-mountains.jpg" alt="Northern sea cliffs of Kauai from the Na Pail Coast trail" />

XXXXX

It's interesting to have in the same room designers, web developers, android 
developers. Everybody work on different things and have different perspective of 
the project. To listen the conversations about privacy preserving protocols, the 
sensations that colors transmit, how to place information on a web page. I'm 
learning a lot from the people at the WBoC.

<img src="/blog/images/wboc-meskio-working.jpg" alt="Meskio and others working in the living room at Winter Break of Code" />

For this week I've being working on Zones, migrating it to OpenStreetMap, and 
fixing AT&T mms problems on TextSecure.

OpenStreetMap will free Zones from revealing your location to google and 
depending on proprietary software, bringing in collaboratively created open 
maps. The OSM integration is working, but it still has a lot of rough edges and 
missing functionality that Zones had with Google Maps. I hope to be able to have 
it ready to merge in the coming days.

<img src="/blog/images/wboc-meskio-screenshot.png" alt="Screenshot of Zones map displaying user-defined polygons." />

The AT&T problem is being frustrating, expending days on trying random things to 
find out where the problem comes from. I think I'm starting to understand how 
mms works on AT&T, but I'm still not sure if I have a solution to that problem.

Even though I didn't finish (yet) my main objectives for the week, I'm pretty 
happy of the week. I have learn about android, OSM and I can now surf one out of 
20 waves I try.

[meskio](http://meskio.net/)

Kauai, Hawaii

12 January 2014
